1. Explain the core components of flume.
The core components of Flume are
Event:
An event is a unit of data flow that flows through the flume agent.
It flows from source-channel-sink.

Source:
This is the component through which data enters Flume workflows.A source in Flume produces events and delivers
them to the channel.

Sink:
It transfers the data to the destination, (mostly hdfs).

Channel:
It is the medium between the source and the sink which stores the events until they are forwarded to the sink.

Agent:
A flume agent is a long lived java process that connects the source-sink through the channels.
Agents are configured to run a collection of particular sources and sinks.


2. Can flume provide 100% reliability while transfering the data.
Yes, Flume can provide 100% reliability while transfering the data.
As it follows a transactional based approach and it uses a seperate transactions for guarantee delivery 
between source to channel and the channel to sink.

3.Explain the consolidation in flume.
In Flume the flume source can collect data from from different data flow even if it is from
different flume agent and consolidate it and transfer it through channel , sink to the hdfs.

ex: agent1:source-channel-sink 
                               *
                                 * = == source-channel-sink
                                 *              agent3
    agent2:source-channel-sink *

4. Explain what is an event in flume.
    An event is a unit of data flow that flows through the flume agent.
    It flows from source-channel-sink.
    A source in Flume produces events and delivers
    them to the channel, which stores the events until they are forwarded to the sink.   

5. Explain what is an agent in flume.
  A flume agent is a long lived java process that connects the source-sink through the channels.
  Agents are configured to run a collection of particular sources and sinks.
  A Flume agent can be started with the flume-ng command.

